PE-D Fixes (#220)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

### Sorting contacts : `sort`

> Sort the list of contacts displayed by 1 or more parameter(s) chosen by you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sorts the list of contacts displayed by 1 or more parameter(s) chosen by you.
```

How *names (n/)*, *emails (e/)*, *addresses (a/ )* are sorted:
* In alphabetical order. (e.g. `Al` comes before `Alfred` which comes before `Brad`)

> * Case differences are ignored. (e.g. `Al`, `al`, `AL`, and `aL` are identical when it comes to sorting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Case insensitive. (e.g. `Al`, `al`, `AL`, and `aL` are identical when it comes to sorting)
```

How *phone numbers (p/)* are sorted: 
* In increasing numerical order. (e.g. `123` comes before `125` which comes before `1234`)

How *tags (t/TAG)* are sorted:

> * Contacts with the *TAG* you specified will come before contacts without the *TAG*.

Reviewer: Just to clarify. Does this mean that those without the right `TAG` is in default sorting arrangement?

Author: yea

Format: `todo edit INDEX [d/DESCRIPTION] [date/DATE] [pr/PRIORITY] [t/TAG]…​`

* Edits the todo at the specified `INDEX`.
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Parameters given will overwrite the existing values completely.

>   * For example, giving 1 or more tag(s) in the edit command will erase all existing tags except the ones given in the edit command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For example, giving 1 or more tag(s) in the edit command will replace all existing tags with the ones given in the edit command.
```
